Add linear and asana to the docs (#1151)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-cloud-platform/asana.md

![Asana configuration modal](/img/asana-configure-defaults.png)

**Figure** A sample Asana integration

## Creating tickets

### Code

:::note
Creating tickets for many findings at once may take some time. Tickets that take longer than 10 seconds to create will be shown in the UI once the page is refreshed.
:::

To create tickets for one or more Code findings, use the triage button from the Code findings page or from an individual finding's details page. Findings can be individually selected, or you can create tickets for all findings for a given rule. 

Once a ticket has been created, a link will be present on the right side of the findings page and along the top of an individual finding's details page.

![Create Asana ticket - Code](/img/asana-code-findings.png)
**Figure** Code triage flow

![Asana ticket created - Code](/img/asana-code-ticketed.png)
**Figure** Code ticket created

### Supply Chain

:::caution Limitations
Tickets can only be created for Supply Chain findings with reachable usages. They cannot be created for **Always reachable** or **Unreachable** findings.
:::

> The Supply Chain triage flow will create tickets for all instances of a given vulnerability. Instances can not be selected individually. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Supply Chain triage flow creates tickets for all instances of a given vulnerability. Instances can not be selected individually. 
```

Curious - is there a difference between "instance" and "usage"? If they are synonymous, prefer "usage" so that the user isn't confused.
